adding component versions (#230)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

The following table provides component information for Anypoint Platform PCE:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Component | Included | Not Included | Description
| Anypoint Runtime Manager | X |  | Enables you to track and manage your deployed Mule applications.
| Runtime Fabric Management (including Security Edge and Tokenization) |  | X | Automates the deployment and orchestration of customer-hosted Mule applications and API gateways.
| Anypoint API Manager | X	| | Enables you to manage your registered APIs.
| Secrets Manager |  | X | Stores and manages secrets for supported Anypoint Platform services.
| Anypoint Exchange	| X | | Enables your organization to share various assets for reuse across integration projects.

> | Access Management	| X | | Enables you to create your Anypoint Platform account or configure federated External Identity.

Reviewer: I looked this up: I believe that there is no need to capitalize "federated identity."
Also, I am guessing that we want to refer to an "external federated identity" rather than a "federated external identify."
Please let me know if you disagree so that I can ensure that our Term Presentation List is solid. :-)

> | Access Management	| X | | Enables you to create your Anypoint Platform account or configure federated External Identity.

Author: ```suggestion
| Access Management	| X | | Enables you to create your Anypoint Platform account or configure external federated identity.
```

> | Anypoint Design Center, excluding Flow Designer	| X | | Enables you to create API specifications in several modeling languages, and to create RAML API fragments

Reviewer: period, comma
```suggestion
| Anypoint Design Center, excluding Flow Designer	| X | | Enables you to create API specifications in several modeling languages and to create RAML API fragments.
```

| Anypoint Analytics - Insights	|   | X | Provides in-depth visibility into business transactions and events on your Mule apps deployed to CloudHub and on-premises servers.
| Anypoint Analytics - Anypoint Visualizer	| X  |  | Enables you to explore your application network via an application network graph.
| Anypoint Analytics - API	|   | X | Provides insight into how your APIs are being used and how they are performing.
| Anypoint Monitoring	| X  |  | Provides visibility into integrations, Mule flows, and components in your application network.

> | Object Store	|   | X | Object Store v2 lets CloudHub applications store data and states across batch processes, Mule components, and applications, from within an application or by using the Object Store REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Object Store	|   | X | Object Store v2 allows CloudHub applications to store data and states across batch processes, Mule components, and applications, either from within an application or by using the Object Store REST API.
```

> | Anypoint MQ	|   | X | A multi-tenant, cloud messaging service that enables your to perform advanced asynchronous messaging scenarios between their applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Anypoint MQ	|   | X | A multi-tenant cloud messaging service that enables you to perform advanced asynchronous messaging scenarios between tenant applications.
```
Even though this is a fragment, because one or more peers is a sentence, this one takes a period. If it's not too much trouble, try to make peer elements parallel.

> | API Testing	|   | X | Provides a testing framework that allows you to easily build automated tests for your integrations and APIs.

Reviewer: For "you", replace "lets" or "allows" to "enables" ("emplowerment", lol):
```suggestion
| API Testing	|   | X | Provides a testing framework that enables you to easily build automated tests for your integrations and APIs.
```

|===

> For Anypoint Platform PCE Version 3.1, the following policies are included with API Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Anypoint Platform PCE version 3.1, the following policies are included with API Manager:
```

| Detokenization | 1.1.1
| Header Injection | 1.2.1
| Header Removal | 1.0.3
| HTTP Caching | 2.0.2
| IP Blocklist | 1.0.0
| IP Allowlist | 1.0.0
| JSON Threat Protection | 1.1.4
| JWT Validation | 1.1.3
| Message Logging | 1.0.0
| Mule OAuth 2.0 Access Token | 1.5.0
| OpenAM OAuth 2.0 Token Enforcement | 1.5.0
| OpenID Connect OAuth 2.0 Token Enforcement | 1.5.0
| PingFederate Access Token Enforcement | 1.5.0
| Rate Limiting | 1.3.5

> | Rate limiting - SLA based | 1.2.8

Reviewer: Limiting vs. limiting? (lettercasing)

> | Rate limiting - SLA based | 1.2.8

Author: ```suggestion
| Rate Limiting - SLA based | 1.2.8
```

| Spike Control | 1.1.5
| Tokenization | 1.1.1
| XML Threat Protection | 1.1.4
|===

For additional information about policies, refer to xref:api-manager::policies-landing-page.adoc[Policies].

== Features Shipped with Anypoint Platform PCE Version 3.1

Refer to xref:release-notes::pce/anypoint-private-cloud-release-notes.adoc[Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Release Notes] for detailed release information.

> Anypoint Platform PCE Version 3.1 contains the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform PCE version 3.1 contains the following features:
```
I would capitalize this only in titles and headings. It's not really part of the name.

a|

* v0.7.585

> * v1.0.257

Reviewer: This is the only entry for v1, all the rest being v0?
Is this list in any particular order and, if not, how about numerical?

Author: The column next to it, which it supports is in Alphabetical order

| API Platform | API Proxy Builder Service | v1.2.52
| API Platform | RAML Parser Service | v0.3.76
| API Platform | Proxies XAPI Service | v1.2.75
| API Designer | API Designer XAPI | v3.29.0
| API Designer | API Designer UI | v2.32.0
| Mocking Service | Mocking Service | v2.29.1
| Mozart | Design Center UI | v2.0.109
| Mozart | Mozart XAPI | v2.0.232
| Mozart | Mozart Project Manager Service | v3.0.45
| Runtime Manager | Cloudhub MCM | v2.17.34
| Runtime Manager | Cloudhub UI | 

> | Runtime Manager | AMC UI Rest Facade | v2.12.25

Reviewer: GLOBAL: Rest or REST?

| Runtime Manager | Hybrid Rest | v2.31.159
| Runtime Manager | Metadata Manager | 
| Runtime Manager | Platform Alerts | 
| Runtime Manager | Mule Message Processor | v2.0.37
| Runtime Manager | Platform Messages | 
| Access Management | Authentication Server | v1.2.48
| Access Management | Core Services UI | v0.81.x

> | Access Management | Anypoint Signin | v0.81.x

Reviewer: Is this the actual name, using "Signin"?

> | Access Management | Anypoint Signin | v0.81.x

Author: ```suggestion
| Access Management | Anypoint Sign In | v0.81.x
```

| Access Management | Audit Log | v0.81.x
| Access Management | Landing Page UI | v0.81.x
| Access Management | Navbar | v0.81.x

> | Anypoint Platform PCE | Anypoint Platform PCE packaging | v3.1.0

Reviewer: lowercase "packaging"?

I'm just skimming these terms for inconsistencies: they are a mix of actual names and...just things, but they seem to use mostly title-style capitalization.

> | Anypoint Platform PCE | Anypoint Platform PCE packaging | v3.1.0

Author: ```suggestion
| Anypoint Platform PCE | Anypoint Platform PCE Packaging | v3.1.0
```
